---
layout: default
title: "Comic Fiesta 2012 Day 1"
permalink: pages/cf-2012-2/
---

Comic Fiesta 2012 Day 2
===

*Archived from [theblueexperience](http://theblueexperience.blogspot.com/2012/12/crying-out-for-help.html), dated 24 December 2012.*

Quite the contrary, regardless<br>
Day 2 of Comic Fiesta. I attended apparently

But the morning started with a funeral prayer<br>
For my long gone grandma. Stay happy where you are<br>
(This blog was black on her day she left)<br>
(And still is, until today)

So I was late in a sense<br>
I rushed myself to Comic Fiesta<br>
(One of my friends were already there)<br>
And I arrived approximately 1pm<br>
I thought, "Fuck, line's gotta be measured in kilometers"<br>
But lo and behold. I walked in<br>
LIKE A BOSS. Who paid RM 20. Yes

As soon as I got in, I contacted my friend<br>
We met up at the cafeteria (THERE WAS A WIDE CAFE?!)<br>
(Honestly, I never explored the cafeteria)<br>
We walked around the booths (Again, hopefully)<br>
I found a man who I thought, posed for my camera yesterday<br>
And promised to carry a sniper today<br>
Woops. Got the wrong guy. Sorry!

My friend was interested in the competition<br>
For Ultimate Marvels VS Capcom 3<br>
But he did not register, and was too late (Aww)<br>
But we were both amazed with them skills

We lurked around, and my friend had to go for some fresh air<br>
(You see, CF have like, a two door exit)<br>
(Yesterday, exiting the first door is not really exiting)<br>
(You can still roll back, or so I was believing)<br>
I had exited the first door, and the committee blocked me<br>
Surprised, I head to get in again

(Snap pictures around and stuff)

Soon I was joined with another friend<br>
And the three of us rolled around<br>
Trying to help one of them to actually buy something<br>
Around this time, Michael called (Oh yes)<br>
We all met up, and I saw Michael (Oh yeah!)<br>
We chatted a bit before Michael left

Another friend had to leave early<br>
And so he did, while two of us who are more to tired<br>
Lazed around the stage, watching Bless4 belting tunes<br>
(Sorry, I don't know who these darlings are)

They soon left, and was replaced with Superstar Live<br>
Nothing much, except for the fact that the singers were...<br>
Some are rather bad. And the software didn't help much<br>
Singers who are good scored low points<br>
Because they were off-key? Hell naw<br>
You be making clones this way, not great singers<br>
Winner be getting a Samsung Galaxy Note II<br>
Could never get this jelly ever in my life

THEN IT WAS, ULTIMATE MARVEL VS CAPCOM 3 FINALS<br>
OH MY. All this capitals... But it was awesome<br>
Really is, and I did record it<br>
But I've yet to upload them. Patience!

By then, it was really late. 7pm, I think<br>
Packed up and left. BUT<br>
Oh lol, how can I deny a pic from Hard Gay<br>
And a kigurimi Asuna<br>
BUDGET: RM 100.00<br>
PLANNED SPENDING: RM 50.00

---

SPENT:<br>
RM 20.00 (Entrance ticket)<br>
RM 1.20 (Hax KTM ticket)<br>
RM 3.20 (LRT ticket)<br>
RM 8.00 (Wooden Miku phone strap)<br>
RM 15.00 (Three Nichijou badges)

TOTAL: RM 47.40

LEFT: RM 2.60 + RM 50.00<br>
Total expenditure for CF 2012 = 33.80 + 47.40 = RM 81.20

---

Well under budget I'd say<br>
Although I'd bust more if there were more cheap manga doujins 