---
layout: default
title: "Comic Fiesta 2012 Day 1"
permalink: pages/cf-2012-1/
---

Comic Fiesta 2012 Day 1
===

*Archived from [theblueexperience](http://theblueexperience.blogspot.com/2012/12/party.html), dated 23 December 2012.*

Oh hey ho, Comic Fiesta darlings<br>
So, I got to the place in one piece<br>
But not without difficulties<br>
Let's speak in details

Truth be told, I didn't sleep (Oh god)<br>
I tossed and turned around on my bed<br>
But no avail. (Last FB post was on 3am)<br>
I fell into several lapses of sleep<br>
(Or so I want to believe)<br>
By 5am, I was like, fuck this. I roll now<br>
Got ready and left my house at 6am

I reached the KTM rather early<br>
After all, my legs are speedy (HEH)<br>
But damn, KTM just HAD to mess it up for me<br>
First train was 6.40am. WHAT?<br>
I thought it was 6.15am, darlings!<br>
Okay, I wait. Then the train came, and slowed down on me<br>
GOD. I NEED TO GET THERE FAST, KTM<br>
By the time I'm there, I'm pissed<br>
LRT made my day though<br>
(I followed a cosplayer with a bow of some sort)<br>
(Thank you darling. Would have took a longer time alone)<br>
Fweeeeeeeeeeeeeeee and I'm there<br>
(HOW COULD KTM BE SO BAD AND LRT BE SO GOOD?)

When I arrived at 7.30am, I was rather lost<br>
Well, of course. I've never been here<br>
Asked my way around, and was meddled around by a guard<br>
Apparently he was new, and did not know much too<br>
I got myself in one piece in KLCC Convention Center<br>
(I almost got into Aquaria instead)

(This was outside the hall)<br>
When I see the queue, I was shocked<br>
(Saw an enemy. HEH)<br>
It was long. LONG. LONG LONG LONG.<br>
Well, not that long. Asked around some smartly dressed guys<br>
Apparently pre-ordered tickets share the same line<br>
With those who don't have them? Wait what?<br>
So suddenly pre-ordered tickets go ahead<br>
Well, made sense<br>
Then, one line turned to two. Oh god, what's happening?<br>
Then it had to be turned to one again<br>
It was messy, but was somewhat calmed down soon<br>
As I enter the exhibition hall<br>
(Also, beautiful ladies and gentlemen soothes my eyes)<br>
(Apparently Mr. Matrix managing crowd was lord_kuching)<br>
(And I saw Azunatsu, busy handling the crowd)

Lo and behold, we're in the hall, to line up again<br>
Well, not complaining. We have air-conditioning (Yay)<br>
My friend came later, and he literally jumped queue<br>
We waited for quite some time, with some cheers<br>
Counting down and such, but it was a slow pace<br>
Along came Mr. Clown, who entertained us with his performance<br>
God bless his kind soul

When I was finally at the ticket counter<br>
I decided to purchase for one day only<br>
(I fucked up my back. No thanks to bad sleeping postures)<br>
(And also, bad standing postures. Hurts to even just stand)<br>
(Still is right now. Ahh...)<br>
So I got in, and Mirai Suenaga and Danny Choo booth, bam<br>
Enough said. I moved away, and made great way<br>
For them hardcore fans (For I am not)

Booths booths booths<br>
At the back of my mind<br>
I just wanted to see my forum friends (Woops)<br>
Me and my friend waddled around<br>
Until we reached the stage<br>
Won myself a keychain (Yay)<br>
(And hugged one of the MCs too)<br>
(With a mention of yaoi from the other)

We walked around the doujin booths again<br>
Before settling on walking ourselves<br>
I go back to my usual waddling pattern<br>
I hit the booths in a rather random pattern<br>
Hence, now alone, I tried to go in a controlled manner<br>
Of course, I was looking forward to Epsilon House

I rounded the doujin booths like, several times<br>
Basically I took a view on what's available<br>
Making mental notes to return, if I find the price good<br>
Now this is strictly personal opinionated<br>
But most of them are really expensive<br>
Or did not meet my expectation (Sorry, really am)<br>
I am not a man who keeps posters<br>
My "friend" would have tore them apart<br>
Hence, I only could buy other stuff<br>
In which I deem practical. A hat isn't<br>
Bought myself a Miku phone strap<br>
Shit was SO cash

I couldn't find Epsilon House<br>
Even though I rounded like, ten plus times<br>
Hoped I have the booth schematics with me<br>
And lo and behold. I realize there's a copy of it<br>
In the CF guide of sorts<br>
I found it, only to know Epsilon encountered some problems<br>
And had to close down. Left some namecards though<br>
Took one, and hoped for the best

Since I had so little budget<br>
And even little range of doujin I can buy<br>
I resorted to catching pictures of cosplayers<br>
Lots and lots of them<br>
Although I was rather afraid to approach them directly<br>
Some of the photos were steal shots

(Confession. I've only watched one episode of Culture Japan)<br>
(And I forgot most of what it was about. But still)<br>
Danny \*expletive\* Choo on the dance floor, \*expletive\*!<br>
Danny talked a lot about his shows and stuff<br>
And a naked Mirai image, covered with a troll face (OH YOU DANNY)<br>
It did turn philosophical at one moment<br>
In which he emphasized on how we should live the life we love<br>
Funny. I was beginning to live the life I love<br>
On that very day itself

JIMMY \*expletive\* CHOO! AMAIGAD<br>
I almost (ALMOST) got to catch a picture with him<br>
(Some ladies and gentlemen did. My jelly)<br>
But he left. Damn. Busy man he is

The talk continued with Bushiroad<br>
I had to admit, I ain't know jack shit bout CardFight Vanguard<br>
And this talk ain't gonna be helpful<br>
I was beginning to feel sleepy<br>
I left when some handsome Japanese manager stepped in<br>
(Kids were raving about him looks apparently)

Basically, more photos, more doujin trips<br>
Rounded around, and basically I had around RM 15 for my budget left<br>
Hunted around, and I end up at a booth<br>
In which I found this man...<br>
HE'S DRAWING C-CEPT-LIKE ART<br>
I was really tempted to buy his work<br>
But its RM 20, and my budget was RM 15<br>
I asked for a photo, and he was cool<br>
Sadly, never got his namecard<br>
Else I'd be madly promoting his shit

Well, I got tired, so I got out by myself<br>
After informing this friend of mine that I'm leaving<br>
Caught a couple of pictures, and I'm off

Well, this was rather condensed<br>
After all, I'm editing and adding things on this, on Day 2<br>
With a rather fuzzy memory of Day 1<br>
I did talk to Azunatsu later while rounding the booths<br>
He was guarding a booth for his friend<br>
And Harumi as well, as Yuki Onna

When I was on my way home, Michael called<br>
But I'm well on my way already<br>
Undecided, I cannot say if I'd come tomorrow (My back)<br>
But I'd contact Michael if I did

And I reached home, and bathed, and died<br>
And reborn as a new man for another CF day (?)

---

BUDGET: RM 100.00<br>
PLANNED SPENDING: RM 50.00

SPENT:<br>
RM 20.00 (Entrance ticket)<br>
RM 2.60 (KTM ticket)<br>
RM 3.20 (LRT ticket)<br>
RM 8.00 (Wooden Miku phone strap)

TOTAL: RM 33.80

LEFT: RM 16.20 + RM 50.00

---

EDIT:<br>
If you asked me if I did enjoy Comic Fiesta 2012<br>
I only had one thing to say<br>
Before this, I've only skipped lunch once<br>
(God blessed my life indeed)<br>
And that was on my first date as I was so happy<br>
Comic Fiesta Day 1 was my second time 
